Refine tiflash docs to remove deprecated description (#19913)
pingcap/docs: scale-tidb-using-tiup.md

3. Wait for the store of the TiFlash node to disappear or for the `state_name` to become `Tombstone` before you stop the TiFlash process.

4. Delete the information of the removed node from the TiUP topology (TiUP will automatically clean up the related data files of the `Tombstone` node):

    ```shell
    tiup cluster prune <cluster-name>
    ```

### 3. View the cluster status

```shell
tiup cluster display <cluster-name>
```

Access the monitoring platform at <http://10.0.1.5:3000> using your browser, and view the status of the cluster and the new nodes.

> After the scale-out, the cluster topology is as follows:

Author: ```suggestion
After the scaling, the cluster topology is as follows:
```
